hey what's up guys I have a few
announcements to make for what's going
on with these next three months first of
all I want to give a shout out to my new
sponsor p28 breads I just got that just
finalized the sponsorship yesterday with
them so make sure you go on the website
p28 foods calm and use promo code team
Dean that will give you ten percent off
all their products also another one of
my sponsors which you guys see me post
like crazy with is ET be going their
website et be fit calm and use promo
code Rockstar 20 that's autox star2 0
and that will give you twenty percent
off your entire purchase plus free
shipping um now I have a host thing that
I'm doing for your brand live and that's
also for ETB I'm also hosting that with
rocks and Rockstar Rizzuto and what
we're going to be doing is just talking
about the product um any questions that
you guys have you can ask me live and
through a new live videos video feed I
can answer it right back to you I'm sure
there's also going to be promotions
going on with them so you can buy it the
product a little cheaper if you watch it
that day it's going to be really fun ah
I'm we're going to introduce all the
products you guys so you should
definitely check that out that's marched
fifth it's on your brand live com also
check out you know my facebook or the
ECB's facebook if we're going to be
posting the link on that so you can just
click it's free for everyone all you
have to do is register and that's it
you're in um also keep a lookout for the
jason Ellis shoot coming out with ETB
that's a March 16 and 17 it's going to
be both in New York City as well as
hoboken at the cko kickboxing club there
and you guys all invited to come you
know stand back and check out the shoot
and actually see you know a lot of shoot
of what's going on like how I shoot
and you know and actually meet jason
Ellis which is the top fitness
photographer that's out right now um I'm
getting prepped for that and also my
first three shows that are coming up by
bodies by g4s with my coach Stan horn
and I've been working with them for
about three years now between all my
fitness shoots and my shows and we've
been doing really well they helped me
get my pro card so I'm real grateful for
them I'll keep an eye out also euro per
arm in orlando florida i'm going to be
there competing and also work in the
booth for ETB and possibly p28 for a
little bit so check that out also rocks
and rock stars you know be there um you
know promoting etv and just come check
out the show come say hi don't be you
know nervous or shy with others are high
if anything I'm more nervous than you
are if you come up to me so you know
just come say what's up you know try out
some of the products are asked for an
autograph I'll be more than happy to
give it to you also the Pittsburgh
probably have coming up which is May
fourth also that's also um being on
being performed by g-force and as well
as the neo pro which is what i'm most
excited about on all my shows coming up
which is May twenty-fifth because as you
know last year I had meatheads in jersey
that I was opening up and it was all
last minute and I wasn't able to do the
show because i had a open up my my store
about you know week after that so i was
really crunch time with everything so i
fortunately missed near for last year
but this year i am definitely doing it I
don't care what comes up I'm definitely
going for that so also make sure you
subscribe to my youtube page DM lift
smart so far I've showed you guys how to
make ET B's pure isolate protein
pancakes I showed you guys how to make
the frosting it's all real easy to make
I'm not a cook by far at all but when it
comes to stuff like this I'm pretty good
at it it helps me with my diet
especially I'm eating just chicken all
day and stuff the ETB protein really
helps me because I could be creative
with it and now that I'm a p28 I can
incorporate their bread like I've been
in my diets and I'll start showing you
guys you know some cool things that you
can do with both and how to identity
diet and you know just have fun with it
that's what it's all about where you die
because if not you're just going to be
yo-yoing up and down on and off you diet
so the coolest part the best way to diet
is to have fun with it um so check out
my page tonight me and Roxanne are going
to be posting how to make protein
truffles which is what I sold at my
meatheads health grill and protein
bakery this last summer so check that
out it's a taste really good again i use
the etv protein that meat heads and i
want to show you guys how to use it in
this next video that's coming out
tonight so make sure you stay to that
also make sure you check out our
Instagram pages on body spite app bodies
by g-force um the ETB page is at et be
fit and the p 28 page is p @ p 28 food
so check them all out follow us follow
me at DM web smart and just you know
we're constantly adding promotions new
sales and stuff like that and i'm
constantly adding new diet tips and just
you know ways to better yourself and
whether it's the fitness industry or
just you know just the health aspect of
life so check everything out and i want
to thank you all for the support thus
far because without you guys i want to
be where I am today and that's for sure
because my motivation is seeing you guys
respond to all my updates and everything
else so I really appreciate that from
you guys and that's it so check
everything out all right guys have a
good one